---
title:  'Terms of Service'
sidebar_position: 1
---
# Z by HP AI Studio Terms of Service
Last Updated: December 2024


THE FOLLOWING Z BY HP AI STUDIO TERMS OF SERVICE (“TERMS”) BETWEEN THE HP ENTITY NAMED AT THE FOOT OF THESE TERMS (“HP”) AND YOU, EITHER IN YOUR OWN RIGHT OR ON BEHALF OF YOUR EMPLOYER, APPLY TO YOUR USE OF Z BY HP AI STUDIO (“SERVICES”). TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SEPARATE OR ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLY TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES AND CONFLICT WITH THESE TERMS (FOR EXAMPLE, TERMS FROM YOUR APPLICATION SOFTWARE PROVIDER, SYSTEM INTEGRATOR, OR THIRD PARTY THAT PROVIDED YOU WITH SUBSCRIPTIONS TO THE SERVICES) THESE TERMS SHALL CONTROL YOUR USE OF AND ACCESS TO THE SERVICES. 

THE WORD “YOU” OR “CUSTOMER” AS USED IN THESE TERMS REFERS TO THE ENTITY (“EMPLOYER”) THAT HAS OBTAINED THE RIGHT TO USE SUBSCRIPTIONS AND SERVICES AND MEANS THE EMPLOYER FOR ITSELF AND ON BEHALF OF ITS EMPLOYEES AS USERS OF THE SERVICES.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, BY CLICKING ON THE “I AGREE” OR SIMILAR BUTTON, REGISTERING FOR AN ACCOUNT, OR ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU ARE INDICATING THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS, WHETHER OR NOT YOU HAVE REGISTERED WITH HP. 

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, THEN YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES AND YOU MUST NOT USE OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING ANY PART OF THE SERVICES INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS AND AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF ITS TERMS.  YOU MUST BE AT LEAST EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OF AGE AND OF THE REQUIRED AGE TO LEGALLY ENTER INTO A CONTRACT IN YOUR JURISDICTION OF RESIDENCE AND, IF APPLICABLE, YOU ARE DULY AUTHORIZED BY YOUR EMPLOYER TO ENTER INTO THIS CONTRACT ON BEHALF OF YOUR EMPLOYER.

YOU MAY REVIEW, SAVE OR PRINT ANY PART OF THESE TERMS. WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO PRINT OUT A COPY OF THIS ENTIRE DOCUMENT AND REFER TO IT AS YOU USE THE SERVICES. 

## 1.	DEFINITIONS.
As used in these Terms, the following capitalized terms have the following meanings:

**“Account Page”** means the Services’ user interface to manage the Customer Account and enroll, configure, and administer the Services.

**“Add-ons”** means certain additional services, capacity, enhancements, features, third-party services, or other elements that may be made available to you from time to time through the Website or other channels.

**"Administrator”** means an individual person designated as the administrator of the Customer Account that is the recipient of Notice from HP and that has the authority to add Authorized Users to the Customer’s account.  The Administrator is also an Authorized User.

**“Authorized User”** means an individual who has created an Authorized User Account, accepted these Terms, and is accessing and using the Services on behalf of and under the control, direction, or management of a Customer.
“Authorized User Account” means an account set up by and for a single employee or Contractor of the Customer in order to gain access to the Services. 

**“Configure” or “Configuring”** means configuring the Devices for use, including but not limited to managing Device settings, setting experience mode (kiosk mode versus launcher), and enabling Content.

**“Content”** means anything you upload or connect to the Service including but not limited to data sets, Third Party Service connections, and data storage repository connections.

**“Contractor”** means an individual person that is not an employee of the Customer but whom that Customer authorizes to access the Customer’s Services on behalf of the Customer through an Authorized User Account associated with the Customer Account.

**“Customer”** means the business entity or organization that has created an Authorized User Account, accepted these Terms and owns the Subscriptions to the Services.

**“Customer Account”** means the account set up by and for the purchaser of the Services and by which one or more Authorized User Accounts may be enabled to access the Services.

**“Data”** means any and all data and information, in any form or medium, that is collected, downloaded, uploaded, processed or otherwise received, directly or indirectly, by or through the Services, including but not limited to Content and any data or information derived or processed by the Services based on a User’s use of and/or access to the Services.

**“Documentation”** means any explanatory materials, operating or training manuals, or other materials that HP makes available to you that describe the functionality, components, features, or requirements of the Services, including the Website.

**“Fee”** means the fee you pay to HP for purchased Services made available during a Subscription Term.

**“Materials”** means HP’s Documentation, Systems, Data, account information and any and all other information, data, documents, materials, works and other content, devices, methods, processes, hardware, software and other technology and inventions, including any deliverables, technical or functional descriptions, requirements, plans or reports, that are provided to or accessed by you via the Service or used by HP in connection with the Services.

**“Services”** means the services, products, software, and support made available to you by Subscription that are developed, operated, and maintained by us and accessible at www.hp.com/aistudio or other designated URL including, but not limited to, HP’s Website, the Systems Materials, and other related products and services.

**“Subscription”** means the tiered offerings of applicable services and support provided by HP for a specified period of time and purchased directly from HP or from an HP reseller of the Services.

**“Subscription Term”** means the period of time for which you have access to HP Services beginning on the Subscription Start Date. A Subscription Term for a Trial Subscription is the period of time for which you have access to the Trial Subscription.

**“Subscription Start Date”** means the date you are given access to the Services.

**“Supplemental Terms”** means additional policies or agreements related to the provision of the Services which HP may present to you. Supplemental Terms are incorporated into and form a part of these Terms. 

**“Systems”** means the information technology infrastructure used by or on behalf of HP in performing the Services, including all computers, software, hardware, database, electronic systems (including database management systems) and networks, whether operated directly by HP or through the use of Third-Party Services.

**“Third-Party Services”** means any services, materials, or information, in any form or medium, including any software, documents, data, content, specifications, products, games, devices, equipment or components that are used in conjunction with, or of or relating to the Services, or use thereof that are not owned or proprietary to HP.

**“Users”** means all users of the Services, Customer and their Authorized Users.

**“Website”** means HP’s website www.hp.com/aistudio and all corresponding or associated domains, subdomains, web pages and websites.

## 2.	The Services
-	**Provision of Services** HP makes the Services available to you on a subscription basis pursuant to these Terms and any Supplemental Terms. Services are available subject to our sole discretion and, in some cases, may be limited based on geography.

-	**Add-ons** HP may make Add-ons available to you for purchase on a per user basis or for a flat fee, as applicable. All Add-ons are subject to these Terms and any applicable Supplemental Terms.

-	**Changes to the Services** HP will occasionally provide automatic upgrades or make modifications to the Services or to our Materials in order to maintain or enhance your experience, improve the cost efficiency or performance or competitive strength of the Services, or to comply with applicable laws, regulations, or orders. These changes may not be consistent across all elements of the Service offering and may include the addition or discontinuance of a feature or functionality. HP reserves the right to make changes with or without notice to you.

## 3.	Use of the Services
-	**Access and Use** HP will provide access to and use of the Services as expressly provided in the Terms to an individual authorized by the Customer to access and use the Services on its behalf (the Administrator).  The Administrator may use the Service to invite one or more Authorized Users to create an Authorized User Account associated with the Customer Account, and the Administrator may designate other Authorized Users to have Administrator-level privileges. Customer acknowledges that each of its Authorized Users must agree to these Terms prior to use of the Services and that Customer will be responsible for ensuring compliance by each of its Authorized Users with these Terms and for any breach of these Terms by its Authorized Users. Any limits that apply to your use of the Services will be determined by the Services plan and the functionality of Services to which you subscribe and by these Terms. Customer may permit its Contractors to serve as Authorized Users, provided Customer remains responsible for compliance by such individuals with all of these Terms, and any use of the Services by such individuals is for the sole benefit of Customer.

-	**Authorized User Account**  Registration for an Authorized User Account requires a username and password combination (“User Credentials”) along with other account-related information such as name, email address, and/or certain personal data. HP collects, uses, and stores such personal data in accordance with the [HP Privacy Policy](https://www.hp.com/us-en/privacy/privacy-central.html).

-	**General Restrictions** Customer will not (and will not permit any third party to): (a) copy or modify the Services or any Documentation or create any derivative work from any of the foregoing; (b) remove or obscure any proprietary or other notices contained in the Services; (c) publicly disseminate information regarding the performance of the Services; or (d) exceed any usage or Subscription limitations identified in the Documentation.

## 4.	Data Collection and Customer Rights and Obligations related to Data 
-	**Data Collection** The collection, use and sharing of data, shall be governed by the HP Privacy Policy located at www.hp.com/go/privacy . The specific data that may be captured and used by HP is further described in the “Z by HP AI Studio Data Management FAQ ” document found at [Z by HP AI Studio Data Management FAQ](/docs/aistudio/terms-of-service/data-management-faqs.md). You acknowledge and agree that HP has permission to view and collect this data for purposes of improving Service delivery and understanding data trends.  HP, at its sole discretion but to the extent reasonably necessary for the purpose of this Agreement (including but not limited to data analysis, maintenance and/or improvement of the Services or HP products), may share data with other processors as described in the HP Privacy Policy. Your individual personal data rights, including opt-out rights, if any, are also described in the HP Privacy Policy. Any data reviewed and collected under this Agreement shall not be deemed Your confidential information. In addition, and as applicable, HP’s “Customer Data Processing Addendum” can be found at https://www.hp.com/gb-en/privacy/ww-customer-addendum.html?jumpid=in_R11928_/us/en/corp/privacy-central/hp-customer-addendum .

-	**Data Collection by Provider of Third-Party Services**  Any collection or use of your personal, technical, or other information related to a Third-Party Service is subject to the terms of your agreement with the provider of the Third-Party Service and that Third-Party Service provider’s privacy statement. 

-	**Rights in Customer Data** As between the parties, Customer will retain all right, title and interest (including any and all intellectual property rights) in and to the Customer Data as provided to HP. Subject to these Terms, Customer hereby grants to HP a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free right to use, copy, store, transmit, modify, create derivative works of and display the Customer Data solely to the extent necessary to (a) provide and/or improve the Services to Customer; and  (b) to enforce these Terms and exercise HP’s rights and perform HP obligations hereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Customer agrees that HP may obtain and aggregate technical and other data about Customer’s use of the Services that is non-personally identifiable with respect to Customer (“Aggregated Anonymous Data”). HP may use the Aggregated Anonymous Data to analyze, improve, support, and operate the Services and otherwise for any business purpose during and after the term of these Terms, including without limitation to generate industry benchmark or best practice guidance, recommendations, or similar reports for distribution to and consumption by Customer and other HP customers. For clarity, this Section 4.c does not give HP the right to identify Customer as the source of any Aggregated Anonymous Data.

-	**Use of Data** You are solely responsible for any Data uploaded and processed on the Services by you or your Users. In no event shall HP be responsible for the use or misuse of any Data by you or your Users or other third parties. 

-	**Storage of Customer Data** HP does not provide any storage or archiving service for Customer Data, and any storage of Customer Data is temporary and for the sole purpose of HP performing the Services.  HP agrees only that it will not intentionally delete any Customer Data relating to the accounts of Authorized Users from the Services prior to termination of Customer’s subscriptions. HP expressly disclaims all other obligations with respect to storage of Customer Data.  You may review our policies for retention of Customer Data and Customer Content on our Website.

-  **Customer Obligations related to Customer Data**
   -	**Customer Data** Customer is solely responsible for the accuracy, content, and legality of all Customer Data. Customer represents and warrants to HP that Customer has all necessary rights, consents and permissions to collect, share and use all Customer Data as contemplated in these Terms (including granting HP the rights in Section 4 (Data Collection and Customer Rights and Obligations related to Data)) and that no Customer Data will violate or infringe (a) any third party intellectual property, publicity, privacy or other rights; (b) any laws or regulations; or (c) any terms of service, privacy policies or other agreements governing the Customer’s Data or Customer’s accounts with any Third-Party Services. Customer further represents and warrants that all Customer Data complies with the Section 8.d. (Acceptable use of the Services). Customer will be fully responsible for any Customer Data used in connection with the Services by any Authorized User as if it were submitted by Customer. 

   -	**No Sensitive Personal Information** Customer specifically agrees not to use the Services to collect, store, process or transmit any Sensitive Personal Information. Customer acknowledges that HP is not a Business Associate or subcontractor (as those terms are defined in HIPAA) or a payment card processor and that the Services are neither HIPAA nor PCI DSS compliant. HP will have no liability under these Terms for Sensitive Personal Information, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein. 

## 5.	Licenses
-	**Service License** Subject to and conditioned on your compliance with these Terms, HP grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free, limited right during the Subscription Term to access and use the Service solely for the purposes of connecting to and processing Customer Data. You represent and warrant that during the Subscription Term: (a) you shall (and shall ensure that Authorized Users) process Customer Data only as permitted by these Terms and the applicable Documentation; and (b) you shall obtain and maintain all rights, licenses, authorizations and consents necessary for you to upload and process the Customer Data via the Services.

-	**License to Content** As between you and HP, HP acknowledges and agrees that you maintain all rights, title, and interest in and to the Content that you upload to the Services. You warrant and represent that you either own or have the right to provide all Content that you submit to the Services. By uploading, managing, processing and/or distributing the Content through the Services, you hereby grant to HP a non-exclusive, worldwide, license in and to patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to the Content solely to: copy, transmit, perform, display, modify (solely for formatting purposes), capture, translate, host, distribute, make available and use the Content solely in connection with the provision of the Services, subject to these Terms. You are solely responsible for any Content that you upload, manage, process, and/or distribute via the Services. In no event shall HP be responsible for the use or misuse of any Content by you, Users, or other third party. HP reserves the right to exclude or remove any Content that we, in our sole discretion, determine to be prohibited by these Terms.

-	**Reservation of Rights** This is a subscription agreement for access to and use of the Services. These Terms do not convey to you title or ownership of the Services or any of our Materials, but only a limited right to use the same as expressly provided for in these Terms. Customer agrees that HP or its suppliers retain all right, title and interest (including all patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret or any other intellectual property rights) in and to the Services and Materials, any and all related and underlying technology and documentation, and any derivative works, modifications, or improvements of any of the foregoing (other than personally identifiable information). Further, Customer acknowledges that the Services are offered as an on-line, hosted solution, and that Customer has no right to obtain a copy of the Services.

-	**HP Marks** HP, and any other product or service name, slogan or logo contained in or on the Services are trademarks of HP or its licensors and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of HP or the applicable trademark owner. You may not use any metatags or any other hidden text utilizing any trademark of HP without HP’s prior written permission.

## 6.	Subscriptions
-	**Subscriptions** Services are offered on a subscription basis through free and paid Subscription plans.  The current Subscription plans and available Add-ons and their corresponding fees are available on our Website or specified on your billing page accessible through your Customer Account.

-	**Trial Subscriptions** If Customer receives a trial or evaluation subscription to the Services (a “Trial Subscription”), then Customer may use the Services in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement for a period granted by HP (the “Trial Period”). Trial Subscriptions are permitted solely for Customer’s use to determine whether to take a Subscription to the Services. Trial Subscriptions may not include all functionality and features accessible as part of a full subscription to the Services. This Agreement and Customer’s right to access and use the Services will terminate at the end of the Trial Period unless the Customer switches to a then current subscription plan. HP has the right to terminate a Trial Subscription at any time for any reason. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS AGREEMENT, HP WILL HAVE NO WARRANTY, INDEMNITY, SUPPORT, OR OTHER OBLIGATIONS WITH RESPECT TO TRIAL SUBSCRIPTIONS.

-	**Initial Subscription Term and Renewals**  The initial Subscription Term for paid Services begins on your Subscription Start Date and continues for the stated term of the Subscription plan. Paid Subscriptions may be renewed by the Customer for successive periods provided HP extends the offer to renew. Fees for a renewed Subscription will be charged at the then-current Subscription plan rates. If your Subscription is not renewed, you will not be charged for the next Subscription Term, nor will you receive any refund for credits that have not been used prior to the end of your current Subscription Term.

## 7.	Fees and Payments
-	**Fees** The Fee for Services you pay is based upon the Subscription plan you choose at the time of enrollment.  The Fee will be invoiced at the time of enrollment.  Fees associated with any Add-on will be charged at the time of subscription to the Add-on and will be subject to any Supplemental Terms for that Add-on..

-	**Payment** Payment of Fees will be made against invoices presented to you at the time of enrollment. Payment of Fees is made through HP’s third-party payment processor, and such payments will be made according to the terms of such third-party payment processor.  Except as otherwise provided herein, fees are non-refundable and non-cancellable.

-	**Disputed Fees** If you dispute any Fees charged to you by HP you must submit a ticket via the Contact Support option in the Community Forum accessible from our Website within thirty (30) days of the date of the invoice in dispute. HP will work with you to resolve the applicable dispute in a reasonable manner.

-	**Unpaid Fees** In the case of your failure to make full payment for invoiced Services for any reason, HP may at its discretion; (a) attempt to repeatedly process the payment for a period of time; (b) suspend or otherwise limit your access to the Subscription for which the Fees remain unpaid until the matter is resolved; or (c) terminate your access to the Services according to these Terms.

-	**Taxes** All Fees stated on the Website are exclusive of taxes, levies, duties, tariffs, or similar governmental assessments, including, sales, value-added, goods and services tax, use or withholding taxes, assessable by any jurisdiction, (collectively, “Taxes”). You agree to pay all Taxes, and any related penalties and interest, associated with the use of our Services, except for those taxes based on our net income. If applicable law requires us to charge, collect and remit any Taxes on your behalf, the Taxes will be added to your invoice for payment by you. Tax rates are calculated based on the information you provide and the applicable rate at the time of enrollment. In such case, you represent that you are registered for tax purposes with the appropriate taxing authority, and at our request, you will provide us with your tax registration number.

## 8.	Customer Responsibilities
-	**Accuracy and Maintenance of Information** It is your responsibility to provide and maintain accurate and complete account and billing information. You acknowledge that HP bears no responsibility for and shall have no liability for any losses incurred as a result of any of your inaccurate, incomplete, or untimely information.

-	**Unauthorized Access and Account Security** You shall take reasonable steps to prevent unauthorized access to the Services, including without limitation, keeping all User Credentials strictly confidential and preventing unauthorized sharing. Customer will be responsible for any and all actions taken using your Customer Account and passwords. You shall promptly notify HP of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your Authorized User Account(s), the Services or breach of its security and shall use your best efforts to stop said breach. You are responsible for establishing and monitoring appropriate permissions and controls in connection with your Users’ use of the Services.

-	**Responsibility for Users** You are responsible for the use of the Services and any activity under your Customer Account by you and any User that you authorize or invite to use the Services on your behalf or under your supervision and control regardless of whether the actions were authorized or unauthorized and your knowledge of such actions. You must notify your Users that their use of the Services and the use of their Data are subject to these Terms and relevant policies. You must not let a User access or use the Services if they do not agree to be bound by these Terms and relevant policies. You are responsible for your Users compliance with these Terms and the relevant policies and for ensuring that the transfer and processing of their Data under the Terms is lawful. If any User who has access to the Services is no longer an employee (or Contractor) of Customer, then Customer agrees to terminate such User’s access to the Services.

-	**Acceptable Use of the Services** Customer and any User must not misuse or abuse the Services and shall not engage in any of the following activities:

   -	Compromising the integrity of the Services, including probing, scanning, or testing the vulnerability of the Services or network unless otherwise authorized by HP to perform such activities.

   -	Reverse-engineering, decompiling, disassembling, tampering with, hacking, or otherwise seeking to obtain the source code or non-public APIs to the Services (except to the extent expressly permitted by applicable law, and then only upon advance notice to HP), bypassing any security protocols or authentication measures, unlawfully attempting to gain unauthorized access to the Accounts or Data of other Customers. 

   -	Overwhelming or attempting to overwhelm the Systems by imposing an unreasonably large load that consumes extraordinary resources (RAM, CPU, bandwidth etc.) or using automated tools like bots, spiders, and malwares to send more requests to the Services than a human could send in the same time using a normal web browser.

   -	Using the Services for completely different purpose than it was intended for in its corresponding usage parameters or Documentation.

   -	“Phishing”, “spoofing”, misrepresentation of yourself or falsely implying any association with HP.

   -	Using the Services to violate the privacy of others, including phishing, posting other people’s confidential information without prior consent.

   -	Using the Services to stalk, harass, or post direct content that is obscene, violent, libelous, or otherwise unlawful or tortious against others.

   -	Using the Services for any illegal purpose, or in violation of law (including without limitation, data, privacy, and export control laws). 

   -	Accessing, copying content, or searching the Services by any means other than our publicly supported interfaces.

   -	Disparaging HP, its partners, and its affiliates.

   If HP believes a violation of this Section 8.d has occurred, HP may suspend or terminate your access to and use of the Services and Materials or terminate these Terms, without advance notice to you. HP reserves the right, but are not required to under the Terms, to take any action against anyone who, in our sole discretion, violates, or is suspected of violating this Section including, without limitation, reporting a violator to law enforcement authorities or cooperating with law enforcement who validly request information from us.

-	**Notifications** You are responsible for reviewing all notices, reports, documents, or materials made available to you by HP and, if appropriate, to make such information available to your Users. If you receive any notice from a third party that may affect our provision of Services to you, you must provide HP with the notice in a timely manner.
-	**Compliance with Laws** You will be solely responsible for compliance with any and all applicable laws, rules, and regulations in connection with your and your Users’ use of our Services.

## 9.	HP Responsibilities
-	**Availability of Services** HP will use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Services available to you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for planned downtime, unavailability of the Services beyond our control, including for example, a Force Majeure Event, Internet service provider failure, or delay or denial of services attack, or any unavailability of Third-Party Services.

-	**Support** Support for the Services can be found in the left-hand navigation menu on the Project page of your application.  Additional support options may be available in the Community Forum located on our Website.

-	**Security** HP agrees to use commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to prevent unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure of the Services or Customer Data. However, HP will have no responsibility for errors in transmission, unauthorized third-party access, or other causes beyond HP’s control. Visit HP’s security practices at  https://www.hp.com/us-en/security/cyber-security-center.html. 

## 10.	Third-Party Services.
Your use and access of Third-Party Services in association with the Services is exclusively governed by a separate Terms between you and the third-party provider. You will comply with all terms and conditions and obtain all required permissions and consents applicable to the use of Third-Party Services. You acknowledge and agree that you have sole responsibility for and assume all risks arising from your use of Third-Party Services and maintenance of appropriate accounts in good standing; and that as between you and HP, your sole remedy with respect to such Third-Party Services shall be with the third-party provider. HP does not guarantee that the Services will maintain integrations with any Third-Party Services and HP may disable integrations of the Services with any Third-Party Services at any time with or without notice to Customer. For clarity, these Terms governs Customer’s use of and access to the Services, even if accessed through an integration with a Third-Party Service.

   HP DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, INDEMNIFY OR SUPPORT ANY THIRD-PARTY SERVICES AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY BREACH, FAILURE, OR UNAVAILABILITY OF THE THIRD-PARTY SERVICES FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCE WILL HP BE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE ASSOCIATED WITH SUCH THIRD-PARTY SERVICES AND YOUR CHOICE TO USE SUCH IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK.

## 11.	Term and Termination
-	**Term** These Terms are effective on the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated pursuant to these Terms and any Supplemental Terms.

-	**Termination for Cause** Either Party may terminate these Terms upon written notice to the other Party, if the other Party: (i) materially breaches these Terms, effective upon thirty (30) days written notice unless the breach is cured, or effective immediately if the breach is not subject to cure; (ii) becomes the subject of a petition in bankruptcy that is not dismissed within forty-five (45) days or any other proceeding related to insolvency, receivership, liquidation, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (iii) ceases operation without a successor. HP may also terminate these Terms, effective immediately without prior notice, if HP determines that you have violated any acceptable use or restriction related to the Services or have otherwise acted in a way that harms or negatively affects HP or our existing or prospective Users.

-	**Termination for Convenience** You may stop using our Services and terminate these Terms for any reason at any time without notice to us by deleting your User Account or the Customer Account, as applicable.  If you so elect to stop using the Services, you are not entitled to any refund of Fees paid; however, access to the Services will remain available to you until your Subscription Term has expired. HP may terminate these Terms for any reason upon thirty (30) days’ notice to you.  In addition, HP may suspend its performance under these Terms to the extent required by laws applicable to either party.  In the event HP elects to terminate your access to the Services, you shall be entitled to a prorated refund of Fees paid reflecting the quantum of Services remaining in the Subscription Term.  Once the Subscription Term has expired, your access to Services will be limited. If you do not reactivate your Subscription, as may be allowed, your access to the Services will be terminated.

-	**Effect of Termination or Expiration** Upon termination of these Terms or expiration of your Subscription, your access to the Services and Materials shall terminate, and all licenses and rights granted to you shall immediately terminate. You and your Users shall stop all use of the Services, delete (or upon HP’s request, return) any or all Materials, Services passwords or access codes, and any other HP Confidential Information. HP, in its sole discretion, may disable all your and your Users’ access to the Services or delete all Data associated with you and your Authorized Users. Except in the event of termination by HP prior to the completion of a Subscription Term (except for a termination for Cause), upon termination or expiration of these Terms you will not be entitled to a refund of any prepaid Fees. If you have not paid all Fees due through the end of the then-current Subscription Term, those Fees are immediately due and payable. Customer may retain and use internally copies of all reports exported from the Services prior to termination. Customer acknowledges that following termination it will have no further access to any Customer Data input into the Services, and that HP will retain such data for no less than forty-five (45) days after termination. Except where an exclusive remedy is specified, the exercise by HP of any remedy under these Terms, including termination, will be without prejudice to any other remedies it may have under these Terms, by law or otherwise.

-	**Suspension** HP may, in its sole discretion, suspend in whole or in part any User’s access to our Services without notice for (i) non-payment of Fees; (ii) violation of the Terms; (iii) being subjected to or engaged in a denial-of-service attack or other disruptive activity; (iv) creating a security vulnerability for our Services; (v) exceeding any applicable limitations on your use of the Services; or (vi) causing harm to us or others. HP will work with you to promptly and in a reasonable manner resolve the issue causing the suspension, however nothing in this Section 11.e limits our right to terminate for cause.

-	**Survival** All provisions relating to HP’s proprietary rights, data collection, confidentiality, disclaimer of warranties, limitation of liability, indemnification, and any other provisions of these Terms expressly stated to survive or which by their nature extend beyond the expiration or termination of these Terms shall survive the expiration or termination of the Terms.

## 12.	Feedback
   **Feedback** If You send or transmit any communications, comments, questions, suggestions, or related materials to HP, whether by letter, email, telephone, or otherwise (collectively, “Feedback”), suggesting or recommending changes to the Services, including, without limitation, new features or functionality relating thereto, all such Feedback is, and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Except as prohibited by applicable law, You hereby assign all right, title, and interest in, and HP is free to use, without any attribution or compensation to You, any ideas, know-how, concepts, techniques, or other intellectual property and proprietary rights contained in the Feedback, whether or not patentable, for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, having manufactured, licensing, marketing, and selling, directly or indirectly, products and services using such Feedback.  Where the foregoing assignment is prohibited by law, You hereby grant HP an exclusive, transferable, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up license (including the right to sublicense) to use and exploit all Feedback as We may determine in HP‘s sole discretion.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, You understand and agree that HP is not obligated to use, display, reproduce, or distribute any such ideas, know-how, concepts, or techniques contained in the Feedback, and You have no right to compel such use, display, reproduction, or distribution.

## 13.	Confidentiality.
-	The term “Confidential Information” shall mean any and all of HP’s trade secrets, confidential and proprietary information, and all other information and data of HP that is not generally known to the public or other third parties who could derive value, economic or otherwise, from its use or disclosure. Confidential Information shall be deemed to include technical data, know-how, research, product plans, products, services, customers, markets, software, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, designs, drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information, marketing, finances, strategic and other proprietary and confidential information relating to HP or HP’s business, operations or properties, including information about HP’s staff, users or partners, or other business information disclosed directly or indirectly in writing, orally or by drawings or observation.

-	You acknowledge that Confidential Information is a valuable, special, and unique asset of HP and agree that you will not disclose, transfer, use (or seek to induce others to disclose, transfer or use) any Confidential Information for any purpose other than using the Services in accordance with these Terms. If relevant, you may disclose the Confidential Information to your authorized employees and agents provided that they are also bound to maintain the confidentiality of Confidential Information. You shall promptly notify HP in writing of any circumstances that may constitute unauthorized disclosure, transfer, or use of Confidential Information. You shall use best efforts to protect Confidential Information from unauthorized disclosure, transfer, or use. You shall return all originals and any copies of any and all materials containing Confidential Information to HP upon termination of these Terms for any reason whatsoever. 

-	You agree that a breach of any confidentiality or proprietary rights provision of these Terms may cause HP irreparable harm for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and agree that, in the event of such breach or threatened breach, HP will be entitled to equitable relief, including a restraining order, an injunction, specific performance and any other relief that may be available from any court, without any requirement to post a bond or other security, or to prove actual damages or that monetary damages are not an adequate remedy. Such remedies are not exclusive and are in addition to all other remedies that may be available at law, in equity or otherwise.

## 14.	Modification of the Terms.
   HP may update or modify these Terms from time to time, including any Documentation, referenced policies and other documents, for any reason and at our sole discretion. HP may post or display notices of material changes on our Website and/or notify you via other electronic means. The form of such notice is at our discretion. Once HP posts or makes them available, these changes become effective immediately and if you use the Services after they become effective it will signify your agreement to be bound by the changes. 

   If a revision meaningfully reduces your rights, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you (by, for example, by posting notice on our website, through your Services or in your Account Page, or sending a message to the email associated with your Customer Account). In this case, if you object to the updated Terms then, as your exclusive remedy, you may choose to cease using the Services. You may be required to click through the updated Terms to show your acceptance. HP recommends that you check back frequently and review these Terms regularly, so you are aware of the most current rights and obligations that apply to you.

## 15.	Audit.
   HP may audit Customer compliance with these Terms. Upon reasonable notice, HP may conduct an audit during normal business hours (with the auditor’s cost being at HP’s expense). If an audit reveals an underpayment discrepancy, Customer agrees to compensate HP accordingly.  If a discovered underpayment exceeds five (5%) percent of the contract price, Customer agrees to reimburse HP for auditor costs.

## 16.	Indemnity.
   Customer will indemnify, defend and hold harmless HP and its affiliates, and their respective successors and assigns, present and former directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents, licensors, partners, suppliers and service providers from and against any and all claims, costs, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) arising out of or in connection with any claim arising from or relating to (a) any Customer Data or breach or alleged breach by Customer of Section 8. (Customer Responsibilities), (b) your or your Users’ use of the Services, or (c) your or your Users’ breach or violation of these Terms. This indemnification obligation is subject to Customer receiving (i) prompt written notice of such claim (but in any event notice in sufficient time for Customer to respond without prejudice); (ii) the exclusive right to control and direct the investigation, defense, or settlement of such claim; and (iii) all necessary cooperation of HP at Customer’s expense. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, (a) HP may participate in the defense of any claim by counsel of its own choosing, at its cost and expense and (b) Customer will not settle any claim without HP’s prior written consent, unless the settlement fully and unconditionally releases HP and does not require HP to pay any amount, take any action, or admit any liability.

## 17.	LIMITED WARRANTY.
-	**LIMITED WARRANTY** HP WARRANTS, FOR CUSTOMER’S BENEFIT ONLY, THAT THE SERVICES AND MATERIALS WILL OPERATE IN SUBSTANTIAL CONFORMITY WITH THE APPLICABLE DOCUMENTATION. HP’S SOLE LIABILITY (AND CUSTOMER’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY) FOR ANY BREACH OF THIS WARRANTY WILL BE, AT NO CHARGE TO CUSTOMER, FOR HP TO USE COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS TO CORRECT THE REPORTED NON-CONFORMITY. IF HP IS UNABLE TO CORRECT THE NON-COMFORMITY WITHIN A REASONABLE TIME, CUSTOMER WILL BE ENTITLED TO A FULL REFUND UPON WRITTEN CONFIRMATION BY CUSTOMER THAT ALL COMPONENTS OF THE SERVICES AND MATERIALS HAVE BEEN DESTROYED. 
THE LIMITED WARRANTY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 17.A. WILL NOT APPLY: (I) IF THE ERROR WAS CAUSED BY MISUSE, UNAUTHORIZED MODIFICATIONS OR CUSTOMER CONTENT, OR FAILURE TO MEET MINIMUM HARDWARE AND/OR OPERATING SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS SET FORTH IN THE DOCUMENTATION, OR (II) WHEN USING THE SERVICES ON A NO-CHARGE, TRIAL OR EVALUATION BASIS. HP WARRANTIES FOR THE SERVICES AND MATERIALS WILL BEGIN ON THE DATE OF ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN THE DOCUMENTATION, WILL LAST FOR NINETY (90) DAYS

-	WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMERS FOR USE OF SERVICES AND/OR SERVICES APPS: EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTY IN SECTION 17.A ABOVE, AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE SERVICES AND/OR MATERIALS IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT ACCESS TO THE SERVICES IS PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND OR NATURE. THE SERVICES MAY BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS, DELAYS, AND OTHER PROBLEMS INHERENT WITH THE USE OF THE INTERNET AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS, AND THIRD-PARTY SERVICES AND ANY THIRD PARTIES UTILIZED BY YOU, AND HP IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LIMITATIONS, DELAYS, DELIVERY FAILURES, OR OTHER DAMAGE RESULTING FROM SUCH PROBLEMS. HP DOES NOT WARRANT THAT USE OF THE SERVICES AND/OR MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, FAULT-TOLERANT, ACHIEVE ANY INTENDED RESULT, BE COMPATIBLE OR WORK WITH ANY SOFTWARE, SYSTEM OR OTHER SERVICES, OR BE SECURE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE, FREE OF HARMFUL CODE OR ERROR FREE.

   TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HP AND ITS SUPPLIERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, ACCURACY, CORRESPONDENCE WITH DESCRIPTION, SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU IN THEIR ENTIRETIES BUT WILL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. NO VERBAL OR WRITTEN REPRESENTATIONS, INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY HP OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY OR IN ANY WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF ANY EXPRESS WARRANTIES MADE BY HP IN THIS TERMS

-	**NO WARRANTY** HP MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO (I) ANY THIRD-PARTY SERVICES AND ANY WARRANTIES FOR THIRD-PARTY SERVICES ARE PROVIDED SOLELY AND DIRECTLY BY THE PROVIDER OF SUCH THIRD-PARTY SERVICES OR (II) THE CONTINUED INTEROPERABILITY OF ANY DEVICE WITH THE SERVICES..

## 18.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
-	NOTHING IN THESE TERMS LIMITS OR EXCLUDES HP AND HP SUPPLIER’S LIABILITY (I) FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE, (II) FOR REPRESENTATIONS MADE FRAUDULENTLY, OR (III) FOR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE LIMITED OR EXCLUDED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 

-	TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL HP OR HP SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO INFORMATION OR DATA, DOWNTIME COSTS, LOSS OF REVENUE OR PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR MATERIALS, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER THEORY, EVEN IF HP HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR OTHERWISE FORESEEABLE, AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ANY AGREED REMEDY OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.  Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties or the limitation of incidental or consequential damages so the above limitations and exclusions may be limited in their application to you.

-	TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IF, NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS, IT IS DETERMINED THAT HP OR HP SUPPLIERS ARE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES, IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE TOTAL FEES PAID BY YOU TO HP DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE TIME SUCH CLAIM. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION APPLIES NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ANY AGREED OR OTHER REMEDY OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. YOU SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL CLAIMS AND DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE MISUSE OF THE SERVICES BY YOU OR YOUR USERS.

   THE REMEDIES PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of particular types of damages, so the above limitation or exclusions may not apply to you in their entireties but will apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

## 19.	Notices
-	**To HP** Notices to HP in connection with these Terms shall be in writing and provided according to the process provided in the Contact Support option in the Community Forum.

-	**To You** Notices to you may be sent either to the email address or physical address supplied and updated by you in your Customer Account or Account Page. In addition, HP may send broadcasts or messages through the Services to inform of changes to the Services or other matters of importance, and such broadcasts shall be deemed satisfying the notice provisions of this Section 19 to the extent permitted by applicable law.

-	**Delivery** Notices are validly delivered upon (i) on the delivery date if delivered personally; (ii) two (2) business days after deposit with a commercial overnight courier, with written verification of receipt; (iii) five (5) business days after the mailing date, if sent by certified or registered mail with return receipt requested; (iv) upon written or electronic confirmation of receipt if sent by email; or, as applicable, (v) three (3) days after HP posts a notice or broadcast within the Services or via your Customer Account. By using the Services, you consent to receiving electronic communications from HP related to your use of the Services.

## 20.	Miscellaneous/ General
-	**Successors and Assigns** You shall not assign or delegate any of your rights or obligations under these Terms, in each case whether voluntarily, involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of HP. Any purported assignment, delegation, or transfer in violation of this Section 20.a. is void. HP may freely assign and delegate its rights and obligations under these Terms without restriction or notice to you. The Terms are binding upon the Parties hereto and their respective representatives, successors, and permitted assigns.

-	**Translated Versions**  The English language version of this Agreement shall be controlling in all respects and shall prevail in case of any inconsistencies with translated versions, if any. Any other language versions of this Agreement are provided for convenience only.

-	**Precedence** In the case of inconsistency or conflict between the provisions of these Terms and the treatment of such provision in any Supplemental Terms, the treatment of such provision in the Supplemental Terms will control but all other provisions of the Terms shall continue to apply.

-	**Interpretation** The Parties intend these Terms to be construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction or interpretation against the Party drafting an instrument or causing any instrument to be drafted. The headings in the Terms are for reference only and do not affect the interpretation of the Terms.

-	**Severability** In the event any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired.

-	**Waiver** No waiver by any Party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the Party so waiving. Except as otherwise set forth in the Terms, no failure to exercise or delay in exercising any rights, remedies, powers, or privileges arising from the Terms shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege.

-	**Relationship of the Parties** The Parties are independent contractors. These Terms do not create a partnership, franchise, joint venture, agency, fiduciary, or employment relationship between the Parties.

-	**Export Regulations** HP is subject to regulation by the agencies of the U.S. Government, including the U.S. Department of Commerce and State, which prohibit export or diversion of certain technological products to certain countries. You shall comply in all respects with all applicable export and re-export restrictions and not permit anyone to use or access the Services in a U.S. embargoed country or in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation. You also agree to indemnify, defend, and hold HP harmless from any loss, damages, liability, or expenses incurred by us as a result of your failure to comply with any export regulations or restrictions.

-	**Subpoenas** Nothing in these Terms prevents HP from disclosing Customer Data to the extent required by law, subpoenas, or court orders, but HP will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify Customer where permitted to do so.

-	**Force Majeure** In no event will HP be liable or responsible to you, or be deemed to have defaulted under or breached the Terms, for any failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of these Terms when and to the extent such failure or delay is caused by any circumstances beyond HP’s reasonable control (a “Force Majeure Event”) including, but not limited to, service interruptions by third-party providers, denial of service attacks, acts of God, war, riot, fires, floods, epidemics, or failure of public utilities or public transportation systems, or national or regional shortage of adequate power or telecommunications systems. HP may terminate these Terms if a Force Majeure Event continues substantially uninterrupted for a period of thirty (30) days or more.

-	**Counterparts** These Terms may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original and all of which together will be considered one and the same agreement.

-	**Entire Agreement** Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing between the Parties, these Terms, and other agreements incorporated by reference herein, contain the entire understanding and agreement between you and HP concerning Services and supersedes any and all prior or inconsistent understandings relating thereto. The Terms cannot be changed orally.

-	**Disputes**  You agree that, in the event any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to your use of the Services, you will contact HP by raising a ticket via the Contact Support option in the Community Forum, and you and HP will attempt in good faith to negotiate a written resolution of the matter directly. You agree that if the matter remains unresolved for sixty (60) days after notification (as provided in Section 19), either party may proceed with bringing their claim(s) to a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with these Terms.  

-	**Governing Law and Forum** Except as otherwise provided herein, any disputes arising out of or otherwise relating to these Terms, whether based on contract, tort, fraud, or any other legal theory, shall be governed by the law of and under the jurisdiction of the courts of the locale in which the Customer resided at the time of the then-current Subscription subject to dispute without regard to its conflict-of-law principles.  In all circumstances, The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (1980) is hereby excluded in its entirety from application to these Terms.

  -	**Canada**:  These Terms shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable therein.  The Parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Ontario in relation to all matters pertaining to or arising out of these Terms. 
  -	**United Kingdom**: These Terms and any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales and the courts of England and Wales shall have jurisdiction.  A person or entity that is not a party to these Terms has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of these Terms but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from that Act.
  -	**United States**:  These Terms shall be governed by the laws of the state of California and the Parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Santa Clara county, California, in relation to all matters pertaining to or arising out of these Terms. 

### © Copyright 2023 HP Development Company, L.P.
The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein.

